pipwin: add page (#7593)
tldr-pages/tldr: pages/common/pipwin.md

# pipwin

> > Complementary tool for pip on Windows.
> > Pipwin installs unofficial python package binaries for windows.

Reviewer: I think we can simplify the command description
```suggestion
> Complementary tool to install unofficial Python package binaries on Windows.
```

> More information: <https://github.com/lepisma/pipwin>.

- List all available packages for download:

`pipwin list`

- Search packages:

`pipwin search {{partial_name/name}}`

- Install a package:

`pipwin install {{package_name}}`

> - Uninstall a package(Can directly use pip for this):

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Uninstall a package (can directly use pip for this):
```

`pipwin uninstall {{package_name}}`

> - Download only (to special directory if provided):

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Download only (to a specific directory if provided):
```

> `pipwin download -d {{path/to/directory}} {{package_name}}`

Reviewer: We prefer long arguments if available
```suggestion
`pipwin download --dest={{path/to/directory}} {{package_name}}`
```

- install from requirements file:

> `pipwin install -r {{path/to/requirements.txt}}`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`pipwin install --file={{path/to/requirements.txt}}`
```

Reviewer: @flydeoo you resolved this conversation but you didn't change the example.
